Updated `reduce_sum` docs to reflect addition of `lupmf` (#188)
stan-dev/example-models: knitr/reduce-sum/reduce_sum_tutorial.Rmd

## Introduction

> **Note:** This has been rewritten to use `_lupmf` which requires Cmdstan 2.25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This has been rewritten to use unnormalized distribution functions ( `_lupdf˙/˙_lupmf`) which requires Cmdstan 2.25 or newer.
```

n_redcards ~ binomial_logit(n_games, beta[1] + beta[2] * rating);
```

can be rewritten as:
  
```{stan, output.var = "", eval = FALSE}
for(n in 1:N) {
  target += binomial_logit_lupmf(n_redcards[n] | n_games[n], beta[1] + beta[2] * rating[n])
}
```

Now it is clear that the calculation is the sum (up to a
proportionality constant) of a number of conditionally independent
Bernoulli log probability statements. Whenever we need to calculate
a large sum where each term is independent of all others and associativity
holds, then `reduce_sum` is useful.

To use `reduce_sum`, a function must be written that can be used to compute
arbitrary sections of this sum.

> Note we used `binomial_logit_lupmf` instead of `binomial_logit_lpmf`.

Reviewer: we use or are using? But I am not a native speaker so :shrug:

This is because we only need this likelihood term up to a proportionality
constant for MCMC to work and for some distributions this can make code

> run noticeably faster. Because of the way that `_lupmf` features work,
> Stan only allows them in the model block or in user-defined probability
> distribution functions, and for us to use `binomial_logit_lupmf` the
> function we write for `reduce_sum` will need to be a probability distribution
> function (suffixed with `_lpdf` or `_lpmf`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run noticeably faster. There is a bit of catch here. Stan only allows `_lupmf` in the model block
or in user-defined probability distribution functions. Thus, for us to use `binomial_logit_lupmf` the
function we use with `reduce_sum` will need to be a probability distribution
function (suffixed with `_lpdf` or `_lpmf`).
```

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion.

> If the difference in the normalized and unnormalized functions is not
> relevant for your application, you can call your `reduce_sum` function
> whatever you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the difference in the performance of normalized and unnormalized functions is not
relevant for your application, you can call your `reduce_sum` function
whatever you like.
```
